Update Release Notes for 2022.3.0 release (#1180)
oneapi-src/oneDPL: documentation/release_notes.rst

and provides high-productivity APIs aimed to minimize programming efforts of C++ developers
creating efficient heterogeneous applications.

New in 2022.3.0
===============

New Features
------------
- Added dynamic selection as an experimental feature. Provides functions such as ``select``,
  ``submit`` and ``submit_and_wait``. It includes selection policies: ``fixed_resource_policy``,
  ``round_robin_policy``, ``dynamic_load_policy``, and ``auto_tune_policy``.

>   And provides default support for SYCL queues. 

Reviewer: I'm confused by this wording, "And provides default support for SYCL queues." is a sentence fragment that likely needs to be joined with the previous sentence, removing the "and" before ``auto_tune_policy``.

Author: Thanks, Dan. Added your suggestion.

Reviewer: I think that is correct but it would be good for @AnuyaWelling2801 @egfefey or @vossmjp to confirm this edit portrays the intended meaning.

Reviewer 2: Looks ok to me with Dan's suggestions added.

- Added dynamic selection as an experimental feature. Provides functions such as ``select``,
  ``submit`` and ``submit_and_wait``. It includes selection policies: ``fixed_resource_policy``,
  ``round_robin_policy``, ``dynamic_load_policy``, ``auto_tune_policy``, and provides default
  support for SYCL queues. 
- ``unseq`` and ``par_unseq`` policies now enable vectorization also for Intel oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler.
- Added support for passing zip iterators as segment value data in ``reduce_by_segment``, ``exclusive_scan_by_segment``,
  and ``inclusive_scan_by_segment``.
- Improved performance of ``merge``, ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, and ``sort_by_key`` algorithms on GPU devices.
- Improved performance of the ``reduce``, ``min_element``, ``max_element``, ``minmax_element``,
  ``is_partitioned``, and ``lexicographical_compare`` algorithms with DPC++ execution policies.

Fixed Issues
------------
- Fixed the ``reduce_async`` function to not ignore the provided binary operation.

Known Issues and Limitations
----------------------------
New in This Release
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
- When compiling with DPC++ compiler, libstdc++ version 8 or libc++, and with ``-fsycl-pstl-offload`` option,

>   parallel algorithms from std namespace called with ``oneapi::dpl::parallel_unsequenced_policy`` would be

Reviewer 3: Is is certain that the algorithms are offloaded upon satisfying all the conditions above (DPC++ compiler, `-fsycl-pstl-offload` option and so on)? If so, let's replace "would" with "are", otherwise with "may".

Reviewer 4: It will definitely happen on the mentioned systems, because they don't implement execution policies as part of the standard library. So oneDPL injects algorithms and policies into `std::` namespace. And strictly speaking, `std::execution::parallel_unsequenced_policy` and `oneapi::dpl::execution::parallel_unsequenced_policy` are the same types.
So calling `std::for_each` with `onedpl::par_unseq` is the same as calling `std::for_each` with `std::execution::par_unseq`.

So I would say that we can replace "would" with "are" in the wording.

>   offloaded to the SYCL device in accordance with ``-fsycl-pstl-offload`` option value.

Reviewer 3: It should be in "New features" section rather than "Know Issues and Limitations". @kboyarinov, do you agree?

Reviewer 4: Actually, we did not plan to promote pstl-offload as a oneDPL feature. It is more a compiler one. 
So the idea was just to mention the behavioral change of oneDPL with this new compiler mode.

- Compilation issues may be encountered when passing zip iterators to ``exclusive_scan_by_segment`` on Windows.
- Incorrect results may be produced by ``set_intersection`` with a DPC++ execution policy,
  where elements are copied from the second input range rather than the first input range. 
- For ``transform_exclusive_scan`` and ``exclusive_scan`` to run in-place (that is, with the same data
  used for both input and destination) and with an execution policy of ``unseq`` or ``par_unseq``, 
  it is required that the provided input and destination iterators are equality comparable.
  Furthermore, the equality comparison of the input and destination iterator must evaluate to true.
  If these conditions are not met, the result of these algorithm calls are undefined.

> - ``sort``, ``stable_sort``, ``partial_sort_copy`` algorithms may work incorrectly or cause

Reviewer 3: Let's also add `sort_by_key`. The issue arises when the radix sort kernels are in the same device code module with the merge sort ones. `sort_by_key` uses radix sort.

Author: Added.

  a segmentation fault when used a DPC++ execution policy for CPU device, and built
  on Linux with Intel® oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler and -O0 -g compiler options.
  To avoid the issue, pass ``-fsycl-device-code-split=per_kernel`` option to the compiler.

> 

Reviewer 3: Let's add a new note. This regression remained unnoticed due to not sufficient coverage of OpenMP flags in the testing. 

Incorrect results may be produced by ``exclusive_scan``, ``inclusive_scan``, ``transform_exclusive_scan``, ``transform_inclusive_scan``, ``exclusive_scan_by_segment``, ``inclusive_scan_by_segment``, ``reduce_by_segment`` with ``unseq`` or ``par_unseq`` policy when compiled by Intel® oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler with ``-fiopenmp``, ``-fiopenmp-simd``, ``-qopenmp``, ``-qopenmp-simd`` options on Linux. To avoid the issue, pass ``-fopenmp`` or `-fopenmp-simd` option instead.

Author: Added.

and provides high-productivity APIs aimed to minimize programming efforts of C++ developers
creating efficient heterogeneous applications.

New in 2022.3.0
===============

New Features
------------

> - Added dynamic selection as an experimental feature. Provides functions such as ``select``,
>   ``submit`` and ``submit_and_wait``. It includes selection policies: ``fixed_resource_policy``,
>   ``round_robin_policy``, ``dynamic_load_policy``, ``auto_tune_policy``, and provides default
>   support for SYCL queues. 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Added an experimental feature to dynamically select an execution context, e.g., a SYCL queue.
  The feature provides selection functions such as ``select``, ``submit`` and ``submit_and_wait``,
  and several selection policies: ``fixed_resource_policy``, ``round_robin_policy``,
  ``dynamic_load_policy``, and ``auto_tune_policy``.
```

- Algorithms using vector execution policies are now vectorized whenever possible when the program is built with Intel® DPC++/C++ Compiler.
- Added support for passing zip iterators as segment value data in ``reduce_by_segment``, ``exclusive_scan_by_segment``,
  and ``inclusive_scan_by_segment``.

> - Improved performance of ``merge``, ``sort`` and ``stable_sort`` algorithms on GPU devices.

Reviewer 3: @MikeDvorskiy, does it also affect `sort_by_key`?

Reviewer 6: It may affect in case of non-arithmetic key.

Reviewer 6: So, the phase may be extended as
 Improved performance of ``merge``, ``sort`` , ``stable_sort`` and ``sort_by_key`` algorithms on GPU devices.

- Improved performance of the ``reduce``, ``min_element``, ``max_element``, ``minmax_element``,

>   ``is_partitioned``, and ``lexicographical_compare`` algorithms with DPC++ execution policies.

Author: No difference for these notes, combined under improvement with DPC++ execution policies.

Fixed Issues
------------
- Fixed behavior of ``reduce_async`` function with ``binary_op`` parameter. 
  Before it ignored the parameter and always used ``std::plus``.

Known Issues and Limitations
----------------------------
New in This Release
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - When compiling with DPC++ compiler option, libstdc++ version 8 or libc++, and with ``-fsycl-pstl-offload`` option,

Reviewer 3: Should we omit "option" in "DPC++ compiler option"? Does it rather imply `-fsycl` option? @kboyarinov, could you help?

Reviewer 4: "option" word should be definitely removed. Regarding the `-fsycl` option - `-fsycl-pstl-offload` option requires to use `-fsycl` as well. I don't think that `-fsycl` should be mentioned.

Reviewer 7: Agreed. Please change it to "When compiling with DPC++ compiler, libstdc++ version 8 or libc++, and with ``-fsycl-pstl-offload`` option

Author: Added the suggested

  parallel algorithms from std namespace called with ``oneapi::dpl::parallel_unsequenced_policy`` would be

>   offloaded to the SYCL device in accordance with ``-fsycl-pstl-offload`` option value.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- When compiled with ``-fsycl-pstl-offload`` option of Intel oneAPI DPC++/C++ compiler and with
  libstdc++ version 8 or libc++, ``oneapi::dpl::execution::par_unseq`` behaves similar to
  ``std::execution::par_unseq``, offloading standard parallel algorithms to the SYCL device
  in accordance with the ``-fsycl-pstl-offload`` option value.
```

Author: Added the suggested.

- Compilation issues may be encountered when passing zip iterators to ``exclusive_scan_by_segment`` on Windows.

> - Incorrect results may be produced by ``set_intersection`` using DPC++ execution policies,
>   where elements are be copied from the second input range rather than the first input range. 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Incorrect results may be produced by ``set_intersection`` with a DPC++ execution policy,
  where elements are copied from the second input range rather than the first input range. 
```

Reviewer: Thanks, yes I agree with these changes.

> - For ``transform_exclusive_scan`` and ``exclusive_scan`` with overlapping input and destination sequences
>   and an execution policy of ``unseq`` or ``par_unseq``, it is required that the provided input and destination
>   iterators are equality comparable.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- For ``transform_exclusive_scan`` and ``exclusive_scan`` to run in-place (that is, with the same data
  used for both input and destination) and with an execution policy of ``unseq`` or ``par_unseq``, 
  it is required that the provided input and destination iterators are equality comparable.
```

Reviewer 8: This suggestion LGTM.

and provides high-productivity APIs aimed to minimize programming efforts of C++ developers
creating efficient heterogeneous applications.

New in 2022.3.0
===============

New Features
------------
- Added dynamic selection as an experimental feature. Provides functions such as ``select``,
  ``submit`` and ``submit_and_wait``. It includes selection policies: ``fixed_resource_policy``,
  ``round_robin_policy``, ``dynamic_load_policy``, ``auto_tune_policy``, and provides default
  support for SYCL queues. 
- Algorithms using vector execution policies are now vectorized whenever possible when the program is built with Intel® DPC++/C++ Compiler.
- Added support for passing zip iterators as segment value data in ``reduce_by_segment``, ``exclusive_scan_by_segment``,
  and ``inclusive_scan_by_segment``.

> - Improved performance of ``merge``, ``sort`` and ``stable_sort`` (non-Radix case) algorithms on GPU devices.

Reviewer 3: Looks like we can unite this line and the line which tells about Radix case. 
Let's remove "(non-Radix case)" part here and the whole line with `Improved performance of ``sort`` and ``sort_stable`` (Radix case)...`.

>   Added new implementation based on ``Merge Path`` approach.

Reviewer 3: I suggest removing this line, because it looks insignificant for a user.

- Improved performance of ``sort`` and ``sort_stable`` (Radix case) algorithms on GPU devices.
- Improved performance of the ``reduce``, ``min_element``, ``max_element``, ``minmax_element``,
  ``is_partitioned``, and ``lexicographical_compare`` algorithms with DPC++ execution policies.
- When compiling with DPC++ compiler option, libstdc++ version 8 or libc++, and with ``-fsycl-pstl-offload`` option,
  parallel algorithms from std namespace called with ``oneapi::dpl::parallel_unsequenced_policy`` would be

>   offloaded to the SYCL device in accordance with ``-fsycl-pstl-offload`` option value.

Author: @kboyarinov, @akukanov, @Alexandr-Konovalov, @rarutyun would you prefer to describe this change in a separate section?

Author: Moved this change to "Known Issues and Limitations" section.

Fixed Issues
------------
- Fixed behavior of ``reduce_async`` function with ``binary_op`` parameter. 
  Before it ignored the parameter and always used ``std::plus``.

Known Issues and Limitations
----------------------------
New in This Release
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
- Compilation issues may be encountered when passing zip iterators to ``exclusive_scan_by_segment`` on Windows.
- Incorrect results may be produced by ``set_intersection`` using DPC++ execution policies,
  where elements are be copied from the second input range rather than the first input range. 

> - For ``transform_exclusive_scan`` and ``exclusive_scan`` with overlapping input and destination sequences,

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
- For ``transform_exclusive_scan`` and ``exclusive_scan`` with overlapping input and destination sequences and an execution policy of ``unseq`` or ``par_unseq,
```

This only affects certain policies, so I think it should be included for specificity.

  it is required that the provided input and destination iterators are equality comparable.
  Furthermore, the equality comparison of the input and destination iterator must evaluate to true.
  If these conditions are not met, the result of these algorithm calls are undefined.
- Incorrect results or segmentation fault may be produced by sort, stable_sort, partial_sort_copy algorithms when:

  *	They use a DPC++ execution policy.

>   *	The program is built on Linux with Intel® DPC++/C++ Compiler and -O0 compiler option.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  *	The program is built on Linux with Intel® DPC++/C++ Compiler and -O0 -g compiler options.
```
I recently verified that the issue arises only when -O0 and -g are used together.
